chart: Choose whether or not to generate oidc secret (#1668)
headlamp-k8s/headlamp: charts/headlamp/README.md

| Key                      | Type   | Default               | Description                                |
|--------------------------|--------|-----------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| config.baseURL           | string | `""`                  | base url path at which headlamp should run |

> | config.oidc.create       | bool   | `true`                | Let chart create the OIDC secret.<br>If set to `true`, will use the values as specified below. |

Reviewer: How about?

```suggestion
| config.oidc.create       | bool   | `true`                | 
Enable this option to have the chart automatically create the OIDC secret using the specified values. |
```

Author: Sounds good; Implemented in bd95ef6.
